Added covid to unacceptable content (#35)
zatech/code-of-conduct: README.md

Classes of content which we deem to be unsuitable include:

>  - Any Covid19 related discussions in public except for in #vaccination-celebrations

Reviewer: Wikipedia seem to style it as `COVID-19` so all caps with the dash.

Think it might also be worth classifying "in public except for pro-vaccine in `#vaccination-celebrations`"

Author: I'd rather not stipulate the `pro-vaccine` part tbh.
That channel isn't meant to be a "any pro vaccine chatter"

It's straying pretty hard at the moment, but I'd rather leave the channel definition out of the CoC :+1:

>  - Any Covid19 related discussions in public except for in #vaccination-celebrations

Author: ```suggestion
 - Any COVID-19 related discussions in public except for in #vaccination-celebrations
```

>  - Any COVID-19 related discussions in public except for in #vaccination-celebrations

Reviewer 2: Shouldn't this be "#vaccination-celebration" ?

Reviewer 2: https://github.com/zatech/code-of-conduct/pull/38
